https://www.theknot.com/registry/couplesearch

https://www.registryfinder.com/

https://www.myregistry.com/

https://www.myregistry.com/kohls-wedding-registry.aspx

https://amazon.co.uk/wedding

Mixkit
Choose from incredible footage of things you couldn't otherwise see up close and explore videos made by drones of landscapes, forests, boats and cities.

Travel With Drone
Travelwithdrone.com is an independent website where you can see free best drone videos from all over the world.

Airvuz
Discover, watch, and share breathtaking drone videos from scenic locations as well as videos from the world's top drone racing and FPV freestyle pilots.

Dronezon
Drone videos of terrific scenery and action from around the globe.



Video Geolocation
Snapmap (App Only)
Snap Map uses a device's location information to locate users on a virtual map that is visible to other Snapchat users.

Youtube Geofind
Web-tool to search YouTube for geographically tagged videos by channel, topic, and location. Videos are viewable in a map and exportabled to CSV.


Traffic Cameras
Open Traffic Cam
A collection of publicly accessible traffic camera feeds from the USA.

UK Traffic Live
Real-time monitoring of the UK’s 4,339 live traffic cameras.

Waze Live Map
Waze Live Map is a browser-based version of the operational Waze maps. It displays current traffic and reports from Wazers using their client app.
Satellite Resources
Apollo Mapping
Search and buy from the largest satellite imagery archive. 56 satellites and 117 Million+ Images.

Copernicus
The Copernicus Open Access Hub (previously known as Sentinels Scientific Data Hub) provides complete, free and open access to Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2, Sentinel-3 and Sentinel-5P user products.

Developers Google Earth
Google Earth Engine combines a multi-petabyte catalog of satellite imagery and geospatial datasets.

Google Earth
Explore worldwide satellite imagery and 3D buildings and terrain for hundreds of cities. Zoom to your house or anywhere else.

Google Earth Engine
Google Earth Engine is a cloud-based geospatial analysis platform that enables users to visualize and analyze satellite images of our planet.

Google Earth Pro
The offline version of Google Earth a more versatile and complete option that’s designed to be downloaded to your desktop.

Maxmar
Maxar has the largest archive of high-resolution satellite imagery, with more than 3.8 million square kilometers of imagery.

Sentinel
Sentinel Hub is an engine for processing of petabytes of satellite data. It is opening the doors for machine learning and helping hundreds of application.

Soar Earth
Soar is the new atlas of the world's maps and satellite imagery, crowd-sourced from individuals, organisations, and the broader community.

Zoom
World weather map. Track hurricanes, cyclones, storms. View LIVE satellite images, rain radar, forecast maps of wind, temperature for your location.



Drone Resources
Drone Stagr
DRONESTAG is a global platform only dedicated to drone photography. Browse through 100.000 drone images and share your own ones with our community.
Peak Visor
PeakVisor uses your iPhone's camera and augmented reality (AR) technology to display names and elevation of nearby peaks.

Picarta
Picarta will predict where a photo has been taken in the world using Artificial Intelligence.

QGIS
Create, edit, visualise, analyse and publish geospatial information on Windows, macOS, Linux, BSD and mobile devices.

Quick Geolocation Search
This simple tool helps save a lot of time when gathering information about geolocation.

ShadeMap
Year round map of sun and shade.

Skydb
SKYDB is the world's database about tall buildings.

Sky Scraper Page
Skyscraper enthusiast website featuring buildings database, discussion forum and skyscraper diagrams.

Suncalc
SunCalc shows the movement of the sun and sunlight-phase for a certain day at a certain place.

Time & Date
Current Time (World Clock) and online and printable Calendars for countries worldwide.

What 3 Words
Every 3 metre square of the world has been given a unique combination of three words. Used for e-commerce and delivery, navigation, emergencies and more.

Wikiloc
Wikiloc is a place to discover and share the best outdoor trails for hiking, cycling and many other activities.

Wikimapia
Wikimapia is an online editable map - you can describe any place on Earth. Or just surf the map discovering tonns of already marked places.

Yandex Maps
Yandex Maps will help you find your destination even if you don't have the exact address — get a route for taking public transport, driving, or walking.



UK Specific Resources
Check My Postcode
Use Check My Postcode to find out all the key information for UK local postcodes.

Doogal
A site covering UK postcodes, map tools, cycling and Strava.

Mendip Data Systems
The site includes several commercial applications as well as a wide range of free example applications, code samples and extended articles.

ONS Maps
The Office for National Statistics aggregates OS postcode data and data from other sources and provides it in a variety of formats.

Open Door Logistics
Open Door Logistics provide free Shapefile polygons defining the boundaries of UK postcode areas, districts and sectors.

Ordance Survey
At OS, they use location data and intelligence to illuminate the unseen.

Royal Mail PAF
Highly accurate address and Postcode information in Royal Mail’s Postcode Address File.
Mapchecking
MapChecking helps you estimate the number of people standing in a given area. Fact check and debunk political claims during gatherings, march, and protests.

Map Customizer
You can use this site to plot multiple addresses on a single map using Google Maps.

Mapillary
Access street-level imagery and map data from all over the world.

MapQuest
MapQuest created the world's first online mapping and turn-by-turn directions service.

Map Locus
Map App, for biking, hiking & camping.

Open Aerial Map
OpenAerialMap is an open service to provide access to a commons of openly licensed imagery and map layer services.

Open Street Maps
OpenStreetMap is a map of the world, created by people like you and free to use under an open license.

Ordance Survey UK
Ordnance Survey (OS) is the national mapping agency for Great Britain.

Overpass Turbo
Overpass turbo is a web based data mining tool for OpenStreetMap.

Overture Maps
Access detailed building data, current social associations and metadata linked to the location.

Peak Finder
PeakFinder shows a 360° panoramic view from an arbitrary viewpoint of your choice.
Flickr Map
Geolocated Flickr photographs displayed on a world map.

Geo-Estimation
This tool demonstrates the automatic geolocation estimation of photos based on deep convolutional neural networks. In addition to the analysis of own photos, the user can compete in a quiz against the machine learning approach.

Geograph UK
The Geograph Britain and Ireland project aims to collect geographically representative photographs and information for every square kilometre of Great Britain and Ireland.

Geospy
Geospy will try to locate where an image was taken using AI.

Google Map Developers
Map Developers provides prebuilt google maps functionality, along with custom built implementations made to your specifications.

Google Maps
Google Maps is a web mapping platform, It offers satellite imagery, aerial photography, street maps, 360° interactive panoramic views of streets (Street View), real-time traffic conditions, and route planning for traveling by foot, car, bike, air and public transportation.

Gonzo GVision
GVision is a reverse image search app that use Google Cloud Vision API to detect landmarks and web entities from images, helping you gather valuable information quickly and easily.

GPS Coordinates
Find the GPS coordinates of an address or a place.

Grid Reference Finder UK
UK National Grid Map Reference Conversion for any location by simply right-clicking on the map. Postcode finder and bulk conversion tools.

Huntintel
Find social media posts surrounding a location.

Instant Streetview
Instantly see a Google Street View of any supported location. Easily share and save your favourite views.

Kartaview
KartaView,is a project to collect crowdsourced street-level photographs.
